I this Sectiuon waht we did is we created a test.py file where we created a database.
And values whic are to e inserted are also been mentoned in that file itself 
In security.py intially we have given the username and password all credentials with User class 
Now we replaced it with user file function names beauyse in text.py file we have created a database 
In user.py we haave intiallised the id,username,password and created two functions which search in database by user name or id 
What happens when we give correbt credentials:
    Innitially bit will check in test.py due toi database in i test
    later it will move to user.py for extraction of username or id 
    Next it will move to security.py file for authentication 
    Last will bring the user credentials to app.py and check with the credentials which we are entered.
What we done in which video:
    In 82nd video we created the register form like structure by activating the creat_table_one.py 
    Whatever values we enter we are going to do authentication with that perticular credentials
    In 84th video we have cut the item and itemregister class and placed into new item.py file
    Later we are have added the concept of searching the order which are inside the datbase 
    So we have aded some items into the databse in get method of the item.py file and we have selected the utem in items table with
    perticular name and price and we are extracting the rows of it
    And in creat_table_one.py we have created the table of users and we have inserted name and value of the perticalr item and we are going to ec=xtract the value by name 
    in the post name in get by placing the token in it. 
    In 85th video in item.py we cut the database connecxtio in get method rahter we have added a new function name find_by_name and when
    are going to add that function when ever we want to search a product by name.
    And we have placed the that functio inpost method as well so that we can search a name whether it is present or not so that we can 
    create a new item with that name.
    I that previoslty we had a append method that is been changed by the database connection and we have inserted into database.
    In 86th video we have replaced the delete function with databse deletion 
    In 87th video we have cut the database code from post function and placed a new function called insert_item and 
    we are going t use thos efunction in post method to add a new item.
    In 88 video we have written a code for put method where we have written a code for update an item with erticular price and we have
    inserted an item if that item is not preseent in the database.
    In 89th video we have written a code for UserRegister to reflect all data from users into a single items from database. 

Import points:
we define a class and place a resourse in it it is because we want to use post method
In order to use cls we have define classmethod over the top of the Fumction.
error 400 when an erroe occured in deep down in server
Error 500 when an error occured in internal type like inserting